Started on July 22, 2021
Section 7-HGG / Sub Unit Pan-Asia
Code: Rembrandt 

Dear Jasper, 

You are only 13. What a wonderful age. What a wonderful moment in time. 

At that age, I could hardly wait to be free from my parents and my city. I was inside of a body that seemed new and strange. I played American football and beat boys into the dirt. I swam naked all afternoon in the river with my siblings and got a suntan under the sun, and then sat under shade trees on a farm in Nebraska. I went fishing on moonless nights for big fish in the big brown swirling water. Sometimes the bell of the fishing line would ring and I would wake up from my sleeping bag and walk to the edge of the river and drag in the line. On the end of the line would be a tremendous fish, oily and slick in the starlit evening air. A small thin veil of fog would be rising over the river water. 

I seemed powerful at times and on fire. I seemed poor at times, as if I did not have enough. I felt insecure about some things. I felt very bold in others. I remember spending a lot of time reading books, but also I remember spending a lot of time outdoors. Where I lived, you could see the horizon many dozens of miles away. There were no trees blocking the view. I could sit in my second floor bedroom and look out over 35 miles of grassland and rolling hills. If a storm was coming, I could see it an hour before it happened, and spend time appreciating the rage and the cold terror that developed in those purple and bruised-looking clouds that rose like mountains into thin air. 

Thirteen was a year of discovering myself. 

I want you to enjoy discovering yourself. I want to be your friend and your guide in English, who can not only answer questions, help with your writing and show you how to pay attention to the joys and thrills of being young. I want to also show you the best writers. 

I want you to read them with a voracious hunger. I want you to read them with curiosity. I want you to read them with passion. I want you to dive deep into your skin and your soul and work on the construction of the woman you will become. We will do that this summer, in a literary way. I will write to you and you will write to me. I will help you edit your writing. I will give you things to think about, and you will give me a glimpse into your world. You seem very interesting to me and I am, honestly, fascinated by you and and by this time in your life when you will be able to feed your soul and your intelligence and use language to shape the identity you want. 

There are many things to discuss. I think we can start with this first question, “What do you see when you look out of your window in the morning, and what do you feel like when you first wake up to the world?” 

You may write your answer, using your name and the date of the writing as your beginning. You may also start by writing, “Dear Mentor,” 

Begin, please, mademoiselle. 

Dear Mentor,

Every morning, when I look out of my window, the first thing that comes into my view is a huge construction site. I see men walking into the work site, putting their helmets on, and then their nocturnal vests.  Soon after they  arrive to their workplace, I can hear the thumping beats made by the pile driver.I am reminded that another day has started.

A great sea view always makes a good mood to start a day, 

The sea makes me feel peaceful. I am one of those people who feels and thinks about my emotions. When I look at the ocean water, my mind is calm, but so is my body. I can feel myself breathing. I can imagine sliding into the waves and emerging again, like a sea goddess. I wonder what it would be like to live under the ocean. 

Water has a special meaning for me. Sometimes, I wonder if my main element is water. When I am hot, I have the habit of taking a very cold shower. My skin becomes excited when it's covered in icy wetness; the feeling is like electricity and shock, but also like the gentleness of an infant. My skin is radiant with liquid light. My mind becomes clear and I can feel every inch of my body, as if it is clean for the very first time. 

This is why lately I feel sad when I look out of my window. 

Although my apartment isn’t high, I can still enjoy a peaceful morning. Cars are not roaming around, and nothing is making noises that kill good moods. Lying on the sofa, letting the gold rays of sun shine on me.

Sincerely, 

Jasper
